chore: refine developer docs (#101)
beclab/docs: docs/developer/install/installation-overview.md

Olares uses containerd, a lightweight container runtime, for containerized deployments. Its features include:
- **Container image management**:
    - Downloads packaged container images from the Content Delivery Network (CDN)
    - Imports them into containerd during the "prepare" phase
    - Starts the images as container processes during the "install" phase
- **Container lifecycle management**: Starts, stops, restarts, and monitors containerized application services.

::: tip Compatibility issue
If containerd is already installed on your machine (for example, as part of Docker), it may cause compatibility issues with the containerd used by Olares. Please uninstall the existing containerd before installing Olares.
:::

### System daemon: olaresd

olaresd is the system daemon that runs in the background, providing essential management functionalities such as:
- **Automated configuration updates**: Automatically adjusts configurations when system changes (e.g. IP changes) are detected.
- **Remote system management**: Executes remote system operations, such as Olares installation and activation, based on requests issued from the LarePass client or `olares-cli`.

### CUDA support

> To enable GPU acceleration for local AI models and applications, Olares supports the installation of the CUDA toolkit and drivers through `olares-cli`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable GPU acceleration for local AI models and applications, Olares supports automatic installation of the CUDA toolkit and drivers through [`olares-cli`](./cli/gpu.md). 
```

## Container orchestration layer
The container orchestration layer integrates system components into an efficient runtime environment using Kubernetes.

### Roles of Kubernetes

> Kubernetes serves as the backbone of this layer, providing automated deployment, operation, scaling, and management of multi-component services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes serves as the backbone of the container orchestration layer, providing automated deployment, operation, scaling, and management of multi-component services.
```
